1. You should have one main div with a class attribute with a value of business-card.
2. Inside the .business-card element, there should be an img element with a class attribute with a value ofprofile-image.
3. The image source should be set to a valid image.
4. The alt attribute of the image should be set to a meaningful description.
5. Inside the .business-card element, after the img element, there should be a p element with a class attribute with a value of full-name.
6. After the .full-name element, there should be a p element with a class attribute with a value ofdesignation.
7. After the .designation element, there should be a p element with a class attribute with a value of company.
8. The first p element, the one with class of full-name, should contain your name.
9. The second p element, the one with a class attribute of designation, should contain your designation.
10. The third p element, the one with the class attribute with a value ofcompany, should contain your company name.
11. After the third p element, the one with the class attribute with a value of company, there should be an hr element.
12. After the first hr element, there should be a p element with an email address as your text.
13. After the email p element, there should be another p element with a phone number as your text.
14. After the phone number p element, there should be an a element with the class portfolio-link.
15. The .portfolio-link element should have text of Portfolio.
16. Your .portfolio-link element should have a valid href.
17. After the a element containing your portfolio, there should be another hr element as a divider.
18. After the second hr element, there should be a div element with a class attribute with a value of social-media.
19. Inside the .social-media element, there should be an h2 element with the text Connect with me.
20. Inside the .social-media element there should be three a elements.
21. The first a element should have the text Twitter.
22. The href of the first a element should point to a valid link.
23. The second a element should have the text LinkedIn.
24. The href of the second a element should point to a valid link.
25. The third a element should have the text GitHub.
26. The href of the third a element should point to a valid link.
27. Your link element should be within your head element.
28. Your link element should have a rel attribute with the value stylesheet.
29. Your link element should have an href attribute with the value styles.css.
30. You should set the page background color in the body selector to rosybrown.
31. You should set the page font to Arial in the body element with a fallback of sans-serif.
32. Your .business-card selector should have a width property with a value of 300px.
33. Your .business-card selector should have a background-color property with a valid color value.
34. Your .business-card selector should have a padding property with a value of 20px.
35. Your .business-card selector should have a top margin of 100px.
36. The text inside the .business-card element should be center-aligned.
37. The font size of the text inside the .business-card element should be 16px.
38. The left and right margins of the .business-card element should be set to auto.
39. Your .profile-image selector should have a max-width property with a value of 100%.
40. Your p elements should have a top and bottom margin of 5px.
41. The links of the page should have no underline.